# Project Idea Description:

Dataset from Ongoing Kaggle Competition: https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/house-prices-advanced-regression-techniques/overview

Build a Machine Learning model that, given the various attributes of the house, can predict the price of the house. We’re going to use the Kaggle competition Dataset. It contains the relevant information and covers numerous attributes.
Essentially, the project can be divided into two parts: First part, a deep dive into the data, exploring the dataset we’re going to use and feature engineering. It includes tasks such as cleaning up the data, dealing with the missing values or unknown values, observing on the categorical/non-numerical columns and encoding them with relevant methods, analyzing the size of the dataset and if required, discarding some of the features of the dataset based on their impact, scaling the selected features to be in the similar range to each other so that it does not create any kind of bias towards any feature. It also includes, splitting the dataset into relevant train-test ratio. Having preprocessed data as an output from the first part of the project, the second part is all about training different Machine Learning models, evaluating the trained models with the testing data and few unknown data points. Based on the evaluation metrics, finalizing an algorithmic approach from the set of Machine Learning algorithms we used to create different models. This model can be used to predict the price of any new house based on the relevant input feature it possesses. Data Visualization will be done using various suitable charts/graphs throughout the development phase of the project.
